[C#] Add Properties Exercise (#973)
exercism/v3: languages/csharp/exercises/concept/properties/.docs/introduction.md

> A `property` in C# is a member of a class that provides access to attributes of that class

Author: I have expanded the spiel

> A `property` in C# is a member of a class that provides access to attributes of that class.

Author: Done, sort of

Callers can set or retrieve the attribute.  Properties can be either auto-implemented or
have a backing field.  

When setting a property the input value can be validated, formatted
or otherwise manipulated and in fact any programmatic operation accessible to code in the
class can be executed.  

Similarly when retrieving a property data can be calculated or formatted and again
any programmatic operation available to the class can be executed.

> Properties have access modifiers (`public`, `protected` etc.) in the same way as other

Reviewer: I would suggest to only use `public` and `private`, as I envision the `protected` modifier to only be discussed in the Inheritance exercise.

```suggestion
Properties have access modifiers (`public`, `private` etc.) in the same way as other
```

class members but the set accessor may have an access level independent of the retrieve (get)
accessor and vice versa or either accessor may be dispensed with completely.

> The intention behind the syntax of a property `object.Myproperty = x` or `var x = object.MyProperty`

Author: May or may not have covered point in wide ranging changes to introduction

A property in C# is a member of a class that provides access to data within that class.

> Callers can set or retrieve the data.  Properties can be either auto-implemented or

Author: I suspect that may reflect the fact that you have been involved with C# for a long time and I have for 18 years! 

This idea of a backing field is a bit of a misnomer - a field is no more privileged than any other expression.  Actually,   as my investigation of auto-implemented properties the concept of a hidden "backing field" does relate to them.

What about phrasing it in terms of "don't expose fields - you can accomplish anything you need in that line with a property".

have a backing field.  

When setting a property the input value can be validated, formatted
or otherwise manipulated and in fact any programmatic operation accessible to code in the
class can be executed.  

Similarly when retrieving a property data can be calculated or formatted and again
any programmatic operation available to the class can be executed.

Properties have access modifiers (`public`, `private` etc.) in the same way as other
class members but the set accessor may have an access level independent of the retrieve (get)

> accessor and vice versa or either accessor may be dispensed with completely.

Reviewer: I was wondering if perhaps if would be helpful to stress that properties can have one accessor if they want. As a non-native English speaker, I found the "dispensed with completely" not immediately obvious (could be me of course). Perhaps something like this?

```suggestion
accessor and vice versa. A property doesn't have to have both accessors, it can have just one (either get or set).
```
